# Week 2 / Day 3

## Agility Boxes & Footwork
Work on tight footwork and change of direction. This workout is meant to be done on a field. An agility box is simply a square that you'll make for yourself. You will travel around the perimeter of the square doing short movements. They are meant to be quick bursts of speed, staying tight around the corners of your agility box.

---------

[Speed & Agility Warmup](./speed_warmup.md)

3x superset line hops (*over the line forward & back = 1 rep*):
- 10x single-leg hop - right foot only
- 10x single-leg hop - left foot only
- 10x scissor hops (as fast as you can!)

Set up a square using cones or other markers. Each side of your square should be about 10yds.

3x pattern 1:
- sprint forward
- side shuffle
- backpedal
- side shuffle

2min rest

3x pattern 2:
- bear crawl forward
- bear crawl to the side
- bear crawl backwards
- bear crawl to the side

2min rest

3x pattern 3 (figure 8):
- start laying on back. Roll over and sprint forward
- backpedal to the diagonal cone
- sprint forward
- backpedal to the diagonal (starting point) cone

3x superset
- 20 butterfly sit-ups
- 20 modified v-ups
- 30s plank
---------
Notes:
- butterfly sit-ups:
  - normal sit-ups, except legs are in a butterfly position with soles of feet together and knees splayed outward toward the ground
- modified v-ups:
  - from seated position, lean back until core is engaged
  - place hands on the ground behind you for support
  - leaving your hands on the ground behind you, extend your legs straight out in front of you, then bend them in toward your chest. Then extend them back out. This is 1 rep.
  - Feet never touch the ground as the legs bend in and out toward the chest.