# Week 4 / Day 3

## Agility Boxes & Footwork
Work on tight footwork and change of direction. This workout is meant to be done on a field. An agility box is simply a square that you'll make for yourself. You will travel around the perimeter of the square doing short movements. They are meant to be quick bursts of speed, staying tight around the corners of your agility box.

---------

[Speed & Agility Warmup](./speed_warmup.md)

3x superset line hops (*over the line forward & back = 1 rep*):
- 10x single-leg hop - right foot only
- 10x single-leg hop - left foot only
- 10x scissor hops (as fast as you can!)

Set up a square using cones or other markers. Each side of your square should be about 10yds.

3x pattern 1:
- sprint forward
- side shuffle
- backpedal
- side shuffle

2min rest

**Place a 5th cone in the center of your square.**

3x pattern 2. The "M":
- Start at the bottom left cone. Sprint forward to the top left cone.
- Round the outside of the top left cone, pivot your hips and backpedal to the center cone.
- Open your hips and sprint to the top right cone.
- Rount the outside of the top right cone and backpedal through the bottom right cone.

2min rest

3x pattern 3. The "W":
- Start at the top left cone. Backpedal to the bottom left cone.
- Open your hips and sprint to the center cone.
- Round the center cone, pivot your hips and backpedal to the bottom right cone.
- Rount the outside of the bottom right cone and sprint through the top right cone.

3x superset
- 40x mountain climbers (20 each side)
- 20x sit-ups
- 30s plank
---------